Ah yes yes yes
What Yu Shao said is
If you really marry Chu Tang to him
It's like jumping into a fire pit
Since you are not used to it, Young Master Yu
Why not put him
Marry and go home
Tell the truth
That's exactly what I mean.
I'm here to propose marriage today
Yu Shao
Although you saved my life
But in the early Tang Dynasty, he was married again
What's more, it was set by Huzi at the beginning
As for saving lives
choose a day to report
get married
Don't tell you
Uncle's words are bad
Well said the old saying
Poor couple Pepsi mourning
This psychopath is useless
He can't give happiness
Yu Shao is right
Lao Li, don't be ignorant
Is this situation stronger than others?
The Li family is now on the verge of bankruptcy
Yu Shang can help the Li family save themselves from danger and soar into the sky
What can this lunatic bring to the Li family?
New Dragon Kingdom God of War Zhao Zilong
Held a dragon banquet for the mad dragon king
than others
I only got two invitations
If my uncle can betroth me to the court
I would like to give one of them to the Li family
Attend the Tenglong Banquet
It means entering the upper class of Zhonghai
How to choose your uncle's clothing
Yun Shao
Are you really willing to send us the invitation letter?
Sure, but only if
Uncle has to betroth me to the court
Which farce invitation comes out to show off?
Should I call you ignorant or ridiculous?